Saturn aspects- 3rd, 7th and 10th house from its position

Rahu-ketu aspects- 5th, 7th and 9th house from its position. 

Mars aspects- 4th, 7th and 8th house from its position. 

Jupiter aspects- 5th, 7th and 9th house from its position. 

Sun, Moon, Mercury and Venus aspect only 7th house of its position. 

First and foremost, conjunctions. 
Planets 7th from each other, basically, in opposition. 
In vedic astrology, each planet aspects 7th house from itself. 
However, Saturn, Rahu, Mars, ketu and Jupiter have additional aspects in vedic astrology. 
Planets also aspect other house and planets in said house via the 1st,4th,7th and 10th house from 
its position. (Personally don't really put much importance )
Not popularly used , is the aspect of a planet on 5th and 9th houses from itself. 
When two planets are in each other's sign. Ex- venus in Scorpio and mars in Libra. 
Planet in another planet's Nakshatra/constellation. (Very important, yet overlooked).
Ex- Jupiter in Uttarabhadra. Uttarabhadra lord is Saturn. Jupiter forms connection with Saturn. 
When two or more planets are in same constellation, they form connection with each other. 
Another could be, with use of d9, if one planet occupies a sign in natal chart and another 
planet occupies same sign in your d9 chart. The two planets form a connection with each other. 
(Not very important, but some use it).

D10 is a divisional chart in vedic astrology . 
Also called as Dasamsa chart. once studies in detailed , 
the chart can tell you about the professional life. 
Here's a short description of each house in your d10 or dasama chart . 

1st: It shows the fame one gets from their work or one's willingness or way to do a task. 

2nd: It tells about the source of income

3rd: It tells about the communication. 

4th: It is an indication of assets and hapiness with your work

5th: It is a house of subordinates or employees. So it tells relation with the employees. 

6th: It tells about the competition and rivals and your luck factor. 

7th: It is a house of dealing with public , so it can also indicate business. 
A good 7th house provides luck in businesses. 

8th: Although it's a house of bad things like debt, obstacles and loans, it is also 
11th from 10th house so it could also indicate transformation one goes through in their career. 

9th: It is a house of fortune, luck and higher authority or bosses. 

10th: It tells about the skills and earning potential. 

11th: It is a house of professional success, financial gain or help from friends in professional life. 

12th: Since this house indicates loss. We could see this as house of enemies. 

For better understanding , study d10 and D1 charts together. 